-This lesson discusses different kinds of debuggers from all kinds, you won't need them at this point or for a long
time at least, but this lesson will be a refernce for the future in case you come across one.

Debug hardware adaptors such as Lauterbach, ST-link, Keil ULINK are connected to the MCU using either JTAG or SWD
connection.
Once you get the debugger you must make sure to download its driver in order to communicate properly with it.


In order to start debugging you must have a GDB_server, that server communicates with the driver in order to send
processor signals and memory through the JTAG or SWD adaptors.



What is a GDB_server?:
it's a software that runs on the host machine -such as your own PC- to act as a GDB_server.
There's lots of GDB_servers, some commercial and some non-commercial.
The most popular open-source GDB_server is called OpenOCD, it doesn't support all architectures or all targets.


The GDB for Lauterbach is called trace32, it's an IDE that has its own GDB_server that we cannot communicate with
by means other than trace32 IDE.


Once the GDB_server is up, we attach it with the GDB client or telnet client in order to give the GDB orders.
The GDB client can be used either directilly through terminal(gitBASH or cmd prompt) or through an IDE like Eclipse.


Some companies put the Debug hardware adaptors on the MCU itself or the kit housing it, they do this simply to increase
their sales so that more people are not inclined to buy some sort of one purpose fit all debugger



How to pick the right debugger for you:
1. In order to select the proper debugger hardware you have to look at the processor name within
    the SOC inside your kit, meaning (Cortex-M4, Renesas-RX110, etc..).
2. Look at the interface, meaning JTAG or SWD and if it's compatible with your MCU interface or not
3. Look at the driver, whether it's available for free on the internet or not easily obtainible.
4. Look at the GDB_server if it's widely available or not.
- some debuggers like J-Link can code X type renesas CPU but can't program H type. That's why we
have to make sure it works from the specs.


(22:30 -> 47:20)The lesson then talks about how to start debugging using @Lauterbach and @trace32 IDE, starting from how to wire it to its
connection to the IDE, you should only go back and watch this part if you're working in an automotive company, and are seeking
some information on how to get started.
 
(47:21 -> 1:01:50)Talks about @Renesas E1/E2 Debugger, starting from its GDB_servers, how to connect it to CPU and MCU, how to start if
you're in a company and have to start working on it, self checking program to make sure the debgger hardware works, the software
you'll use afterwards to debug (IDE)


What is static memory allocation?:
• when you identify a local variable, say: int x[3]; the compiler tells the stack to allocate memory for that variable.
• when you identify the same variable but globally, the compiler will preserve space for it in either .data or .bss .
• Allocation in memory is calculated during compile time and is fixed because the size of .data section cannot change at runtime.
• if you do such that: int x[1024]; you're basically allocating 4-Kb in flash and in ram making a total of 8-Kb, this memory is already burnt
and cannot be changed later on, This type of memory is called Static memory allocation.



What is Dynamic memory allocation?:
• By storing data in the heap we can make it seen by the entire code without having to store it in .bss or .data.
• Heap is a place that allows us to store and delete data during runtime.
• The ram structure now goes as follows (from bottom to top): .data -> .bss -> heap -> stack -> stack top.
• To access memory stored by the heap you must only use pointers.
• Memory allocation is not a standard C function, you need to include @stdlib.h library in order to allocate memory dynamically
  using functions such as: malloc(), calloc(), free(), realloc(). 
* when you allocate memory the bytes in that memory are not sequential, meaning they don't follow each other byte by byte. That's why
we combine allocating memory with @linked-lists, which basically attach a 4-byte pointer to every element that points to the element
next on the line.


-HOWEVER!!: we are not going to be using @dynamic-memory-allocation in Embedded_Systems, because it uses a non-standard C library
that relies on having an OS that it communicate with through its api in order topreserve memory in its own heap, in real embedded
systems development there won't be any OS interface as you'll be communicating with a MCU 

-IF you really want to use the standard libc.a libraries in your embedded C code enviroment, you have to track down the point where
the library itself starts to talk to the OS, for printf() for example, the function goes to call a function called _write(); and it's
responsible for writing words to the console, for malloc() it goes to a function called _sbark() and it's responsible for telling the
OS to reserve space in its heap, so we'll have to write from scratch out own libraries to these functions so that they'd work on our
Microcontroller similarly.
However for the case of malloc() since you're writing a code to manipulate the heap there is potential that it could overflow to the
stack and cause issues to the MCU which is very dangerous.
Therefore MISRA made a rule universal to all embedded programmers that prohibited the use of any malloc() functions that could manipulate
the heap, which is why it's not recommended for use.

-You might think writing your own library from scratch as opposed to writing definitions for these functions would be easier and you'd
be correct! but it's just a simple flex to let people know you understand these stuff.

Syntax of malloc():+
• ptr = (cast-type*)malloc(byte-size);
• ptr = (int*)malloc(100*sizeof(int));

Syntax of calloc():
• ptr = (cast-type*)calloc(n, element-size);
• ptr = (float*)calloc(25, sizeof(float));

Syntax of free():
• free(ptr);

Syntax of realloc():
• ptr = realloc(ptr,newsize);


